README.md, before:

# Go FAIR with DataLad

Talk on DataLad's data management capabilities, how it aids open science
efforts and helps achieve improved reproducibility in a FAIR way.

Presented at the Bernstein Conference workshop *Practical approaches to
research data management and reproducibility* in Berlin, 2018.

To see the slides go to: https://rawgit.com/psychoinformatics-de/talk-datalad-gofair/master/index.html

## License

All content is released under the Creative Commons license CC BY-SA 4.0:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/


## Acknowledgements

The work presented in this talk was supported by a US-German collaboration in
computational neuroscience (CRCNS) project "DataGit: converging catalogues,
warehouses, and deployment logistics into a federated 'data distribution'"
(Halchenko/Hanke), co-funded by the US National Science Foundation (NSF
1429999) and the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF
01GQ1411). Additional support was provided by the German federal state of
Saxony-Anhalt and the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), Project:
Center for Behavioral Brain Sciences, Imaging Platform.  This work was further
facilitated by the ReproNim project (NIH 1P41EB019936-01A1).

Commit message:

Lobotomized and extended GoFair version of the talk

README.md, after:

# DataLad

Talk on DataLad's data management capabilities, how it aids open science
efforts and helps achieve improved reproducibility in a FAIR way.
Heavily based on the Bernstein Go Fair talk by Michael Hanke.
Presented at the OpenNeuro kick-off meeting, Stanford, 2018 by
Yaroslav O. Halchenko.

URLs in the slides ATM are tuned for offline presentation.

## License

All content is released under the Creative Commons license CC BY-SA 4.0:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/


## Acknowledgements

The work presented in this talk was supported by a US-German collaboration in
computational neuroscience (CRCNS) project "DataGit: converging catalogues,
warehouses, and deployment logistics into a federated 'data distribution'"
(Halchenko/Hanke), co-funded by the US National Science Foundation (NSF
1429999) and the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research (BMBF
01GQ1411). Additional support was provided by the German federal state of
Saxony-Anhalt and the European Regional Development Fund (ERDF), Project:
Center for Behavioral Brain Sciences, Imaging Platform.  This work was further
facilitated by the ReproNim project (NIH 1P41EB019936-01A1).
